We would like to thank the reviewer for their insightful observations. We reply below to the high-level questions, while some technical questions requiring more space (and LaTeX) have been answered in the following document (the underlying URL is anonymized):

http://....


REVIEWER A:

> Does your semantics make it possible to observe similar phenomena for PHORS? 

This is a very interesting question, but we are not sure that the results introduced in this paper alone are enough to answer it.

> As mentioned above, I would appreciate further intuition about the fragment PBHORS^infty. 

The PBHORS^infty admit variables that can be used an unbounded number of times, and which can be seen, syntactically, as "place-holders" for non-terminal symbols. This allows us to capture many natural examples which are not typable in a linear setting (for instance, examples 2.9,2.10,2.11 from [32]). At the same time, even in a deterministic setting, we observed that transforming such examples effectively into linear or finitely graded (P)HORS does not seem obvious (as our reduction relies both on an exponential syntactic translation and a non-trivial semantic argument cf. Lemma 7.3).
	
REVIEWER B:

> There is insufficient discussion of prior work on the relationship between linear-logic semantics and formal power series.

We thank the reviewer for pointing out further references. The paper [EhrhardPT18] is our [16], cited in Section 4, and, while it deals with PCOH, it is indeed one of the main inspirations of our approach. Beyond this, we will highlight more clearly in the introduction that the contents of Section 4 rely on a relatively large literature. 

> Is there anything that I missed in Section 7?

It is true that our discussion focuses a lot on the syntactic translation, but the core of the argument is given by Lemma 7.3 which shows that, under suitable conditions, an infinitary fixpoint coincides with a finitary fixpoint with parameters from P (in the statement of the lemma we should have highlighted that the final fixpoint lives indeed in R{{P}}Rel(0,N)). The translation provides a syntactic counterpart to this essentially semantic observation. Concerning the examples, the parameters disappear in the case of a closed PHORS, as they are all replaced by non terminals, but would remain for a non-closed one (for example, if we allow other constants other than e).

> The argument uses not only algebraicity but also the stronger fact that it is given as the least fixed point [...] Is it possible to decide AST solely by the algebraicity? 

Our results rely on a definition of "algebraic fps" as minimal solutions of a system of (polynomial) equations. This is an adaptation to semirings of the traditional field-theoretic notion and is well-established in combinatorics [6] and formal language theory [33] (but also Droste and Kuich, Handbook of Finite Automata). This is the notion underlying Chomsky-Schützenberger's characterization of context-free languages via algebraic fps in [11]. Notice that algebraic fps are also algebraic in the traditional sense (cf. our Theorem 5.1). Our approach to AST and PAST relies on the first notion because the Rel-interpretation of a PHORS, that characterizes its probability of termination, truly is the lfp of the associated system of equations. However, standard algebraicity might be used to obtain further decidability results (for instance, determining whether two PHORS share the same generating function). 

> The threshold problem for the second moment might also be decidable. 

Thanks for this remark! Indeed, the moments can be obtained by differentiating the power series, all of which can be expressed in the theory of the reals (while it is not clear to us how this could be done following the approach of [37]). Nevertheless, as for AST and PAST, we think that the fixed-point notion of algebraicity remains essential. 

REVIEWER C:

> An incredible amount of background material is required, and this does hurt the readability.

We agree that the paper is quite dense, and relies on non-trivial results from different literatures. We will do our best to make it more self-contained.

> How can you be sure that these sets have solutions in [0,1]? 

This follows from the adequacy of the weighted relational model [8] (our Proposition 4.1): this indeed ensures that the coefficients of a_G(z) coincide with the probability of terminating with a certain number of choices, so all such coefficients are in [0,1] and, moreover, their sum a_G(1) is also in [0,1] (as it is the global probability of termination).

